NMS-13427: Create JDBCDetector documentation (#4943)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/reference/pages/provisioning/detectors/BsfDetector.adoc

== Configuration and use

.Optional parameters for the BSFDetector
[options="header"]
[cols="1,3a,1"]
|===
| Parameter
| Description
| Default value

| fileName

> | Path to file on OpenNMS server containing BSF-compatible script to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Path to the file on the OpenNMS server that contains the BSF-compatible script to run.
```
The updated version could be read as "to file" being the verb, so added back the "the". Similar with "server containing". Could be read that the path contains the BSF-compatible script rather than the OpenNMS server containing it.

| none

| langClass

> | Short name of language the script is written in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Short name of the language the script is written in.
```
I think that sometimes removing "the" could cause confusion, particularly for non-native English speakers. Works to remove at the start of the phrase, but not always in the middle.

Choices:

* jython
* beanshell
* groovy
| none

| bsfEngine
| BSF engine to use when running the script.
Choices:

* `bsh.util.BeanShellBSFEngine`
* `org.codehaus.groovy.bsf.GroovyEngine`
* `org.apache.bsf.engines.jython.JythonEngine`
| none

| fileExtensions

> | Comma-separated list of file extensions be considered valid scripts for BSF instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Comma-separated list of file extensions to be considered valid scripts for BSF instance.
```
Neither this nor the original phrasing works completely. I'm trying to parse what we really need to say here:

1. Comma-separated list of file extensions.
2. These file extensions indicate the only file types that BSF instance recognizes as containing valid scripts. 

Maybe we need to make this into two sentences? Is there a way to rephrase to express those two ideas better?

Author: I think you're right about making it into two sentences. How's this look? :)

```suggestion
| Comma-separated list of file extensions.
By including them, you can indicate the only file types that the BSF instance recognizes as containing valid scripts.
```

Reviewer: YES! Nice. Minor update below.

Reviewer: > I think you're right about making it into two sentences. How's this look? :)

```suggestion
| Include them to indicate the only file types that the BSF instance recognizes as containing valid scripts.
```
```

Scripts running in `eval` mode must return a string matching a status code of `OK` or `NOK`.

A script with more than one line of logic requires a `run-type` of `exec`.

> Scripts running in `exec` mode do not need to return anything, but they have to add a `status` entry with a `status code` to the `results` object.

Reviewer: Phew! So much clearer and better syntax!
